[EDU-3699] refactor: update guides marketplace - EN (#638)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/how-to-massive-redirection/index.mdx

---
title: How to install the Massive Redirect integration through Azion Marketplace
description: In this document you'll learn how to use a Azion's Markletplace integration to redirect your domains.
meta_tags: edge computing, massive redirection, marketplace
namespace: documentation_how_to_configurations_massive_redirection
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/massive-redirect-integration/
---

**Massive Redirect** is a *serverless* integration available at Azion Marketplace. This type of integration is mainly used for handling a massive quantity of domain redirects, such as domain migrations.

This integration permits you to control this domain redirection directly at the network's edge, centralizing the management of several settings in one location. It also enables you to operate a variety of situations, such as CMS or e-commerce platform migration, website upgrades, and many others. No matter how many pages you have, you can configure all your redirects with the Massive Redirect integration.

:::note

> You have to observe the limit of 300kb for the JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to observe the limit of 300 kb for the JSON file.
```

:::

---

## Getting the integration

To use the **Massive Redirect** integration provided by Azion Marketplace, you have to:

1. Access [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/) > **Marketplace**.
2. On the Marketplace homepage, select the integration's card.
3. Once the integration's page opens, click the **Get It Now** button, at the bottom-right corner of the page.

You'll see a message indicating that your integration was successfully installed.

:::tip
You can search any integration by browsing through the cards or typing a keyword in the search bar.
:::

---

## Configuring the integration

Once you've gotten your integration on **Marketplace**, it'll be available at your edge functions list. To use the integration, you'll have to create a new edge application.

:::tip

> To create an edge application, go to the [building](/en/documentation/products/guides/build/build-an-application/) section for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an edge application, go to the [building](/en/documentation/products/guides/build/build-an-application/) section.
```

Reviewer: achei meio desnecessário o final, acho que principalmente pelo verbo ser "to create". se fosse um "to find out more" acho que faria mais sentido ter o more details
